alright ok guys how you doing this is
the card I've been talking about in the
short little intros um this is a special
car to me I'm going to go over it and
talk about it this week probably get
close minutes or so but this is my
grandfather's 2003 Mercury Marauder I'll
talk about all of his modifications and
whatnot for it and I'll go over the
whole thing and then I'll have a
separate video of me driving it great
car love this car it was like my Crown
Vic
except hell of a lot faster so let's
just start this off um these see with
the UH the headlights how it has the
black housing mean and fierce along with
the black grille and it's all blacked
out I believe has a 15% tint or 30 or 15
I'm not quite sure I'm in Michigan
Michigan Ford Racing my guy who worked
for Ford for 30 years or something so it
has the I believe those are 18 inch
tires they're from the factory he got
the calipers painted red with high
performance paint along with slotted um
yeah so I believe those are 18s and
those are uh I'm not sure
anyway um in the back he has a bigger
sidewall and they're wider but still has
the painted brake somewhat not these are
two piston calipers he's part of the
Motor City Marauders and the SVT Oh a
special vehicle team owners Association
National Rifle Association that's my
grandpa for you he did them so if you
remember with my Crown Vic he had Thea I
Plasti Dip this and he actually painted
that he taped it all off and he painted
that it has the stock exhaust tips on it
but there's they still look great in the
bumper the Marauder was painted so he
did that and then I'm
he had it professionally redone when he
had a some damage done to the car now
with these are the stock backup lights
but they are tinted from the factory and
he did add this SVT badge it's a kind of
a crappy day but you know that's all so
I mean it's four-door and it's it's
sleeper all right but it is a nice
and then here black housing
side markets as well so let's take it to
the inside he has the window visors now
unfortunately he is a smoker so his
Astra but um here's the interior nice
cushy leather seating all power
everything is the gauge cluster fairly
simple the original head unit it did
have a set and it does have a six disc
CD in the trunk now it's a 4-speed
automatic with overdrive and I mean for
the interior it's it's nice it's very
very comfortable interior there's a
bunch of crap um very very very nice I
love this car it's amazing um so let's
pop the hood real quick okay now the
reason I have this car today is because
I'm using it for a project for my school
it's like an informational video about
car modifications kinda and I should
have that up on my channel but so this
is the Fords uh well this is Ford's 4.6
liter dual overhead cam V big engine now
he does have the Ford Racing I want not
in all of his decals diversified is good
I take frog for my Crown Vic
well the Marauder clubs who has a cannon
cold air intake simple then he has you
can't it's not very noticeable but he
does have an intake manifold riser you
see that right there that's a quarter of
an inch riser for the intake manifold
and it actually it does really improve
the overall performance of the vehicle
it does add a little bit so so like I
said it has four-speed automatic
transmission but it does have a 2200
stall torque converter sniff that don't
scratch the car has been lowered one
inch and it also has flowmaster 40s so
here's the engine bay I will have a
drive video out soon and I'm going to
start it up and rev it a little bit all
right okay now I did just drive the car
so it should be a good start up
nice um so yeah that's about it I'll
have a drive video up soon and this
thing is glorious
alright thanks for watching and I'll
talk to you guys later